On April 20, 2017,
the Supreme Court
of the Russian Federation criminalized
the activity of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
As of July 4, 2019,
authorities have progressively
seized 131 of the properties
owned by Jehovah’s Witnesses,
with an additional 60 properties
subject to confiscation.
One of the seized properties
was the former
Russia branch complex in Solnechnoye.
At the time of filming,
the Russian authorities continue
their aggressive attack
on Jehovah’s Witnesses.
As of August 17, 2020,
there were 42 Witnesses
who were in pretrial detention
or sentenced to prison,
32 who were under house arrest,
and 169 who were not allowed
to leave their hometown.
All have been charged with organizing,
participating in, or financing the activity
of a so-called “extremist” organization.
At least 380 Witnesses were,
at the time, under investigation
—ranging in age from 19 to 89 years old.
What has this meant
for the individuals affected?
As an example,
on June 3, 2018,
Brother Sergey Klimov was arrested.
Local authorities initiated
criminal charges against him,
placing him
in pretrial detention for two months.
This detention was extended seven times,
separating him from his wife and family
for a year and five months,
before he was finally tried and sentenced.
On November 5, 2019,
he was sentenced to six years in prison.
Two of our dear young people in Russia,
Brother Yegor Baranov
and Sister Darya Dulova,
are courageously facing criminal conviction
and potential long-term imprisonment.
Brother Baranov is only 19 years old.
When the authorities raided her home,
Sister Dulova was only 18 years old.
By means of the Newsroom on jw.org,
we are informed of updated news events.
This page includes links to name lists
of Witnesses
currently imprisoned for their faith,
which can help us include
them specifically in our prayers.
Our brothers and sisters in Russia
are resolved to remain loyal to Jehovah
despite any opposition,
and they put their confidence
in him in the assurance
that Jehovah is on their side!